# MiltyKoss
3d printer project.  Delta, mini kossel with max printed parts, very reprapable
This project was born from the desire to build a 3d printer from parts printed on a cheap i3 clone (monoprice maker select v2).  I chose Delta design for the ease of part print trouble shooting due to replication of the 3 corners, as well as the charismatic nature of the design.
The project is entirely successful to date and has created an innovative bushing setup for extruded T-slot framing (extruded aluminum 15/15 beams in this case).  this bushing system uses Delrin rod and printed carrieges to create an extremely low cost linear motion system for low friction tool head industrial applications.  By tool head friction I mean applications such as extruding melted plastic onto a previous layer which should idealy be very low to no friction or resistance.  Photographic slidding carrieges are also a good application of the concept.  In these applications friction at the linear motion points of contact is expected, but the linear motion is not intended to create significant leverage against forces applied to the toolhead itself.
2 delta printers have been constructed, both work well.  limitations with electronics and extrusion are the current issues the slidding bushing carrieges are working flawlessly.
cost of the linear motion system, not including the aluminum extrusions which depend on length, is under $12 USD for an entire printer.
Accruacy of prints is on par with better circulating ball bearings running in machined guide rails.
